




















<FONT 2><COLOR 220 200 160><CENTERED>The thunder and the winds will speak through his mouth,
The fire of lava will flow in him,
His source will be topaz and jet,
He will run like lightning,
His name will be famine, legions, war, plague and death!
Then his arm will raise the Moon
And the shadows will be like tides...

<COLOR 255 255 255>Thus spoke the oracle in his voice with a thousand faces
to the Emperor of Lhynn, then a young monarch who alone
could contemplate his true face, when he went to consult him
three decades ago to discover the fate of his reign.

The Emperor then returned to governing his huge Empire
over which he reigned for thirty years
with wisdom and firmness,
and the prophecy was forgotten.

But recently irresistible forces have begun
to shake the Empire's integrity. Violent winds are
blowing throughout the territory
uprooting all as they pass.
The most terrible winds of all,
the winds of war!

Four factions have formed
and are now rising up against each other.


<COLOR 220 200 160>The Empire first of all, and its huge army,
whose innumerable scarlet troops are
the Emperor's vengeful fist, and whose
unparalleled faithfulness causes the Imperial law
to reign over the immense continent.


<COLOR 255 255 255>The Order of the Knights of the Light,
a powerful assembly of warrior monks, whose recent
Grand Master with a corrupt and base heart
no longer fights for his faith but for himself
and his endless ambitions.
Not caring that he is leading his order astray
if at the end of the road stands the shadow
of the Imperial throne on which he intends to sit.
The Light, an Order clothed in white,
a tide of immaculate white covering
the dirt of the heart of a traitor.


<COLOR 220 200 160>The Order of the Knights of Justice,
an assembly of valorous paladins clothed in blue.
The Order, whose Grand Master, Prince Parsifal,
the heart of the law, has only one aim, that of
preserving peace, making order and justice reign
and protecting the weak.
These knights, who know no fear,
are the last rampart against chaos and disorder,
but the Emperor, fearing their power, is wary of them,
depriving himself of a valuable ally.


<COLOR 255 255 255>And finally, the Black Moon, a huge assembly
of human and inhuman forces, demons and the
non-living, a glaucous ocean of innumerable waves
united under the same banner in the service
of an all-powerful Archmage of which it is not known
if he is still a man or a god in the making.
The Black Moon: Haazheel Thorn,
he who hates the Emperor more than anything
and whom nothing holds back from reaching his aims,
the ultimate enemy of the Empire
with a devious purpose.
The Black Moon whose surging waves will throw
the Empire into confusion for ever more
whatever the outcome of the battle!


<COLOR 220 200 160>The winds of war, powerful and irresistible,
are blowing and bringing to the frontiers of the
Empire the laughter of the four horsemen
of the apocalypse who once again
jubilantly ride throughout the world.


Into the coming storm gallops a horseman.
Is he the being announced by the oracle?
You alone know!
Which camp will he join?
You alone know!


<COLOR 255 255 255>For it is your name that will appear
in the Chronicles of the Black Moon...























